add wsl tip on windows (#23712)
github/docs: data/reusables/gpg/copy-ssh-public-key.md

  {% tip %}

>   **Tip:** With WSL you should use `clip.exe`. Otherwise if `clip` isn't working, you can locate the hidden `.ssh` folder, open the file in your favorite text editor, and copy it to your clipboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Tip:** With Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL), you can use `clip.exe`. Otherwise if `clip` isn't working, you can locate the hidden `.ssh` folder, open the file in your favorite text editor, and copy it to your clipboard.
```
Just suggesting a small change to write out what WSL stands for, for clarity!
